TODO.md, before:

Bugs:
- Fix the turrets when rotating from 360deg to 0deg.
- Fixed the link in the pause menu.

Polish:
- Place the baddies in the world.
- End screen with results, and options to restart or return to title screen.
- Cryptic dialogue cutscene explaining hearts-as-projectiles.
Art:
- The hearts should look like hearts, both as projectiles and pickups.
- The goodies and baddies should have cowboyana-style sprites.
- Decorate the world with cowboy stuff.
POLISH
- The hearts ui should list how many hearts you have exactly.
- Projectiles do not leave the frame. Projectiles return to you after you shoot them? Projectiles float towards you if you're not shooting.
- Leveling up your weapon with each wave.
- End with a boss!!
JUICE
- A sound should play when entities get hit, shoot, pickup hearts, explode.
- The hearts you lose on hit should be shot out of you and fade away.
- On the end screen, show the heart count over time, rendered as a heart beat scan
- Achievements: killed yourself, beat the game!, "" without dying
- Muzzle flash, shrapnel/gun cartridge, etc
- The hearts should beat to the music.
- Screenshake!!
- Projectile trail
- Health bar shaking when near death
- Health bar shaking when you take a shot
- Flash white when get hit along with sound
- Sounds! avatar screaming, gun kuthunk kuthunking, gun reving up and down, shots hitting target, enemies dying.

To Do Later:
- Add icons to the electron build.
- Add keyboard support to the screens.
- Add url/history/back-button support to the screens?
- Teach the audiomix to cycle between tracks w/ local storage.
- Let the users reset their game from the title screen???
- Sound effects when hovering and clicking on buttons.
- Options for remapping the controls.
- Animations when moving between screens.
- Play through the game to identify bugs and polish.
- Review what colors we use.
- Add a secret cheat code.
- A shop/town/interlude section?
- A ninja-gaiden-style cutscene?
- A cowboyana-style drop-in co-op?
- A boss?
- Enemies with slow moving projectiles, spread projectiles, homing missiles, timed lasers on and off, spikes/cactus, mines.
- Credits
- Make the hearts that weren't originally yours look different?
- Bad voice acting!!
- Animating the gun aiming, nuclear-throne-style with a small gun just rotating around an axis.
- Have a very good you win screen.
- Character design; pink skin. Cherub with a gun, not bow and arrow.
- Cowboys! "Slingers"

Goals:
- Aesthetics - Everything looks good
- Content - Everything is long enough
- UI/UX - Everything flows well
- Juice - Everything feels good

To Do Later:
- Contribute back to example-codeglue-project.

Commit message:

Placed baddies around the world.

TODO.md, after:

Bugs:
- Fix the turrets when rotating from 360deg to 0deg.
- Fix the link in the pause menu.
- Fix a super-jump when jumping just after ledge-grabbing.
- Fix gimpy dropping when on an upwards slope -> /

Polish:
- End screen with results, and options to restart or return to title screen.
- Cryptic dialogue cutscene explaining hearts-as-projectiles.
Art:
- The hearts should look like hearts, both as projectiles and pickups.
- The goodies and baddies should have cowboyana-style sprites.
- Decorate the world with cowboy stuff.
POLISH
- The hearts ui should list how many hearts you have exactly.
- Projectiles do not leave the frame. Projectiles return to you after you shoot them? Projectiles float towards you if you're not shooting.
- Leveling up your weapon with each wave.
- End with a boss!!
- Equipment like parachute/rope?
JUICE
- A sound should play when entities get hit, shoot, pickup hearts, explode.
- The hearts you lose on hit should be shot out of you and fade away.
- On the end screen, show the heart count over time, rendered as a heart beat scan
- Achievements: killed yourself, beat the game!, "" without dying
- Muzzle flash, shrapnel/gun cartridge, etc
- The hearts should beat to the music.
- Screenshake!!
- Projectile trail
- Health bar shaking when near death
- Health bar shaking when you take a shot
- Flash white when get hit along with sound
- Sounds! avatar screaming, gun kuthunk kuthunking, gun reving up and down, shots hitting target, enemies dying.

To Do Later:
- Add icons to the electron build.
- Add keyboard support to the screens.
- Add url/history/back-button support to the screens?
- Teach the audiomix to cycle between tracks w/ local storage.
- Let the users reset their game from the title screen???
- Sound effects when hovering and clicking on buttons.
- Options for remapping the controls.
- Animations when moving between screens.
- Play through the game to identify bugs and polish.
- Review what colors we use.
- Add a secret cheat code.
- A shop/town/interlude section?
- A ninja-gaiden-style cutscene?
- A cowboyana-style drop-in co-op?
- A boss?
- Enemies with slow moving projectiles, spread projectiles, homing missiles, timed lasers on and off, spikes/cactus, mines.
- Credits
- Make the hearts that weren't originally yours look different?
- Bad voice acting!!
- Animating the gun aiming, nuclear-throne-style with a small gun just rotating around an axis.
- Have a very good you win screen.
- Character design; pink skin. Cherub with a gun, not bow and arrow.
- Cowboys! "Slingers"

Goals:
- Aesthetics - Everything looks good
- Content - Everything is long enough
- UI/UX - Everything flows well
- Juice - Everything feels good

To Do Later:
- Contribute back to example-codeglue-project.
